---
title: the black death is coming
published: true
---

I have decided that from now on I'm going to use random Sealab quotes
(or maybe one-liners from bash.org) as my blog titles.

Cassie totally kicks ass. (Those of you who have been reading my blog
for a while now may ask yourselves - Cassie? Who is this Cassie? And
what happened to Libby?)

No, my blog has not in fact turned into a soap opera. As cool as that
would be, I think that the technologies involved are nowhere near the
level that they would need to be for real soap opera goodness. However,
my own personal life has been pretty complicated lately, so I'll lay it
out...

Libby was awesome and I hit on her at Hot Topic, where she works -
however, despite my initial interpretation of good signals, Libby
apparently doesn't want a boyfriend, and she doesn't actually seem to
want to hang out with me even as friends, so she's been written off.

Cassie on the other hand, completely rules. She hit on me on the
Internet, which is a first, and she also lives relatively close. She
just moved into the dorm at a college that is about half an hour away,
and I went over there today. We watched *Underworld*, which was awesome
in the same terrible way that *Starship Troopers* was. Some of the worst
acting I've ever seen, coupled with impressive special effects and the
most predictable plotlines you could ever imagine, and I'm hooked.

Let's see, what else? Cassie is short. Really really short. Like five
foot one short. And she's really cute. Her hair is brunette (which is
ok, as redheads are all batshit insane anyway) and it's terrifyingly
long. She's eighteen, which is ok, since I'm still only twenty, but she
acts a bit more mature than most of the other eighteen year olds that I
know, so we'll see how that works out. She also is a huge video game
fanatic, which is ridiculously sweet. And her favorite Final Fantasy was
VII, which is a pretty damned good choice for a favorite.

She also knows every single Sealab quote that I've thrown at her. Which
for some reason is a huge turn-on to me. She laughs at my jokes, too,
and she even completes some of the quotes when I start them.

So, life is interesting, at least. Just when I've actually really
decided to give up on women, fate throws another one at me. I should
really do this whole "giving up on women" thing more often, if this is
the result...
