---
title: temet nosce
published: true
---

I got into a funny conversation with Steph about marriage (of all
things) earlier. I have a friend who lives in Minnesota and we were
chatting the other day - the gist of the conversation was that since I'm
going to Syracuse, and potentially staying for a while, and applying to
work at S.U., I would be getting free tuition. I joked that it'd be
convenient for her to just marry me and move in with me so she could
take advantage of the free tuition (in the event that I do stay in
Syracuse and that I'm working at S.U.).

Steph exploded when I told her about this, revealing much more than I
think she intended. "You can't just marry someone for convenience!
That's completely the wrong reason to get married! What are you,
retarded?" Apparently Steph still believes that people should only get
married if they're in love. I think that's pretty amusing, personally,
just because it doesn't seem to be that common a view among the 20+
crowd that we're going to be joining this year.

Would I actually marry someone for convenience? I don't know. Would I do
it just for sex? Nah. Would I do it for the convenience of a lower
insurance premium? Probably not. But would I do it if I knew that it was
someone who would put up with me and keep me company so I wouldn't have
to be alone? That's the one I'm not really too sure about. I hate being
alone. I mean, I don't mind being left alone for a while if I'm busy
doing something important but I just don't enjoy being single.

Part of the problem, I think, is that I'm not nearly as confident as
Steph is that I'm going to find that special someone. I mean, I don't
think I'm quite troll-like (well, as long as I shower and shave, that
is), but I'm not going to be featured on the cover of GQ anytime soon,
and it's not like I go clubbing or anything. Not that I'd necessarily
want to date anybody that I might meet clubbing - that whole idea scares
me. But I'm not that attractive and I'm not that social, and most of the
women I'm interested in aren't interested back. The few that I've dated
that have been interested in me for me have ended up cheating on me (or
wanting to and thus ending the relationship) so I don't really feel
quite so self-confident anymore. Am I self-doubting? No, because I think
the whole concept of self-doubt involves insecurity and questioning
things, while I'm fairly sure of my lesser qualities. I also think
that's one of the reasons I get a kick out of helping people - I feel
better about myself when I know that I'm having a positive effect on
others. Which, I think, also explains my whole knight-in-shining-armor
complex.

Felt kind of weird to realize that I'm the friend Steph calls when she's
got "alone time" while she's up in Idaho. Yeah, definitely weird.
