---
title: would you like to take advantage of Wiretap Wednesdays?
published: true
---

No thank you.  
No no no. Thank **you**.

Today's subject is somewhat related to this entry though; I got a phone
call this morning from my friend Randelle, who I haven't heard from in
months. She's in the Army, stationed over in Germany at the moment. She
isn't a big fan, apparently. We talked for a while - I was amazed. I
shudder to think what the phone bill will be like for her friend, who
had lent Randelle her phone.

Other new things... I saw Blade: Trinity last night. I liked it. I was a
fan of the first two movies, though, and I love comics, so you probably
shouldn't allow my opinion to sway you unless you also liked both other
movies. If you did, this is more of the same - not much new, aside from
Ryan Reynolds making lots of jokes about mostly stupid shit. (Right up
my alley, of course, so I loved it. As did Steph. She is a huge Ryan
Reynolds fan, of course.)

Steph was pissed that I withheld the name of the actress who played the
lead vampire bitch in the movie though. I honestly couldn't remember her
last name. Steph couldn't remember anything except that her name started
with a 'P' - I got 'Parker' stuck in my head for some reason but the
'Posey' just didn't click.

Afterwards, I mentioned this to Steph and was immediately met with the
Silent Treatment for being such a dick. Good times. (I wasn't
intentionally being a dick, but oh well. Such is life.)

Must convince more people to learn Esperanto. I'm getting tired of
speaking English. (And I could have sworn I caught some Esperanto in the
movie, but I may just be hearing things.)
