---
title: evil plots
published: true
---

Got a phone call from Brandi for the first time in weeks. Scared the
shit out of me, as I had almost given up on her ever calling me again,
since she does it so infrequently. I tortured her with descriptions of
delicious buffalo beef. She wasn't amused, but I took great pleasure in
it. When she finally gets up here, I'm going to have to make sure to
stock up. We're talking five pounds, easy, of buffalo meat. Mmmm.
Buffalo meat.

If you still haven't tried it, you're probably a terrorist, or at least
a vegetarian, which is just about as bad in my book. I feel like I
should reiterate a point that I've been making to my friends - for some
reason, the women seem to take particular offense to this one, but hear
me out. I would eat (cooked) baby seals if they tasted good. I don't
care how cute they are; if they tasted good, I'd be sitting down at the
table with a fork and knife ready and waiting. Determining your
willingness to eat an animal based on how cute it looks while it's alive
is total bullshit, so stop doing it. Base your willingness to eat
animals on how good they taste. (For example, I don't think that buffalo
are significantly far from cows on the cuteness scale, but I'll tell you
what.... I'd eat buffalo over cow any day of the week, that's for damned
sure.)

The only depressing thing about buffalo meat is the price tag. I mean,
it is definitely well worth the \$5/pound price, but I wish it were
cheaper anyway. Anyway, I'm about to collapse, as it's getting light
outside again, which means that it's time for me to go to sleep.
