---
title: hackfest
published: true
---

So geiseri hosted a hackfest at his place in PA last weekend. I showed
up and brought manyoso with me; Nadeem Hasan came down, as did Mirko
Boehm. Zack Rusin was already there, and it was fairly awesome. My only
regret is that, despite the awesome time I had, I didn't get any hacking
done since I don't have a laptop anymore.

Oh, yeah.

Somebody broke into my car a couple of weeks ago. Shattered the quarter
glass behind the passenger window, and stole my IBM Thinkpad T41 out of
the back seat. (Well, the footspace behind the passenger seat. Close
enough.) I have no idea where the laptop is, and, while the police have
been informed, they haven't really proven to be that useful.

End result: I have no laptop. So I was fairly useless at the hackfest as
far as actual hacking goes. And my workstation at home is set up in a
rather decidedly non-ergonomic fashion, which means that I can't really
use the computer for extended periods of time without standing up and
stretching out my knees.

I do have plans for stuff to hack on and plenty of things to keep me
busy though. So don't worry about that, guys. Just need my replacement
laptop to come in from work, and maybe I can pick up a computer desk
with my next paycheck somehow.

Realized that I haven't blogged in a while, so these entries are a bit
longer than the usual length. I doubt anybody will really care that
much, but yeah. Maybe I can kick myself into blogging more frequently
once I get some Tack hacking done again.
