---
title: proxima
published: true
---

Spain is pretty damned cool.

Well, ok, more accurately, Spanish women are pretty damned cool. I'm
pretty sure I've seen more cleavage since I landed in Madrid than I have
since I moved to Boston.

The trip has been exciting so far. There were two legs on the flight
over - the stopover in Frankfurt was pretty uneventful. I was surprised
by the fact that Lufthansa provided metal utensils for the in-flight
meals; it impressed me, but at the same time, I had a realization. I
shouldn't be impressed by metal silverware; I should be disappointed by
plastic silverware. And on the flight from Frankfurt to Madrid, I was
depressed - I guess the metal silverware is only for the cross-Atlantic
flights. Anyway, once I landed, I wasn't too worried about navigating
the Frankfurt airport; I've been there before (the last time I came to a
KDE conference, actually) and in general, I find airports to be
reasonably simple to navigate, even if you don't speak the language.

The airport in Madrid was also pretty easy; figuring out how to get on
the metro was not too hard, but it took a bit more walking than I
expected it would. Once I was on the subway, I figured out pretty
quickly that 'proxima' is Spanish for 'next' and I was set. The route
that I had planned out actually worked exactly as I hoped it would. I
got off the metro at the right stop for the train station and almost
bought a ticket for the right train on the wrong day. Once I made it to
the train, I figured I was pretty close to safe.

The train arrived exactly when expected, and there were lots of taxis
outside of the train station waiting for us, which was good. The taxi
driver I rode with didn't speak much English and had no idea where the
place I wanted to go happened to be; he got directions from the central
office, though, and somehow I managed to find the student residence
where most of us are staying.

That's the last of this entry - there's more to follow, I promise.
