---
title: Google Dinner beta
published: true
---

I spent most of this week at LinuxWorld in Boston (and the very
beginning of the week at the XDevConf, which ajax took notes of) so my
legs are killing me. But last night, Google sponsored this amazingly
kick-ass dinner for a few dozen of us free software hacker types, and it
was completely badass.

They had some issues with their food distribution algorithms though.
Hopefully next year, if they roll out Google Dinner 2.0, they'll have
that algorithm sorted out. (It took an inordinate amount of time to get
our food since everyone had to wait in a huge line to get served -
there's definitely room for optimization there, I think.)

I talked Dave Jones into coming along and we had an awesome time. As
soon as we walked in, we were accosted by Google folks who made us fill
out some registration cards. One of the fields on the card said "Desired
position" so I asked the woman (who had an amazingly kick-ass Google
shirt, one with a female symbol on one of the 'o's in Google, but I
digress) "What does this 'desired position' field mean?"

"We want to know, if you were to work for us, what position would you
want to have?"

This stunned me. What an amazingly smart way of getting people
interested. So davej and I filled in "spaceman" and "Batman"
respectively. I mean, if Google is going to be hiring someone to be
Batman, I certainly hope that they'd consider me for the position,
because I think I could do really well in that role.

Got to meet some cool people there, including [Mako][] who apparently
wanted to meet me because he knew who I was. Finding out that other
people *know who I am* and want to meet me.... that's kinda freaky. I
mean, granted, we're not talking about Havoc Pennington-style rockstar
status.

Yet.

  [Mako]: http://mako.yukidoke.org/copyrighteous/
