---
title: pronunciation is important
published: true
---

I finally got to meet a few people I hadn't met before, including
aseigo. He's taller than I expected, at least. According to him, I don't
look anything like what he thought I'd look like, but I sound
**exactly** the way he thought I would. Along with Thomas Zander and
Rainer Endres (and someone else whose name I can't remember) we left at
around 1AM to go find a bar. We asked a couple of locals where a good
place to get a drink would be, and they gave us some directions and told
us to look for the 'Marabu' or something similar. After about thirty
seconds of walking, aseigo was already calling it the 'caribou' and I
had to correct him. Once we arrived in the area that they said it would
be at, there was a building with with a bright neon pink heart sign that
said 'Maribé.'

At this point, before entering, we had a couple of theories. One that we
figured was likely was that the locals had sent us to a gay bar, which
would have amused us. Rainer didn't want to go in, but I ventured in
with aseigo and Thomas and the kid whose name I can't remember; I saw a
bar with alcohol behind it and a bartender, so I went back to the door
and motioned to Rainer that it was ok, it was just a bar, and everything
looked fine.

Rainer took a step in and then decided that he was going to go to the
restaurant next door instead; I hadn't eaten or had anything to drink
since much earlier, so I decided to join Rainer instead of staying with
the other guys. Rainer ordered a beer, and I got a soda. About fifteen
minutes later, aseigo and crew came out to join us and they were
laughing pretty hard.

Apparently, the Maribé is actually a brothel.

I think that even funnier than finding that out (which was pretty funny)
was the fact that aseigo even **saw** the sign by the stairs that said
'Services' with a man and a woman on it, and he didn't get it until the
woman told him that the price was 20 EUR.

**Update**: It's worth noting that the Marabu was actually right next
door to the restaurant that Rainer and I decided to go to; aseigo just
couldn't resist the pink neon heart sign.
