---
title: the other british dave
published: true
---

Spent the entire weekend hanging out with Dave Jones, kernel slacker
extraordinaire, and his wife Victoria (aka veebl). Great people, great
times. I dragged them down to Boston so that we could hunt down this
comic book shop I had found once by accident with daniels, and after we
walked around quite a bit we managed to find it. Note to self: Kendall
Square is nowhere near Kenmore Square. Need to remember that next time.

Dave also handed me a kick-ass Voodoo3 card, which is awesome, since
I've been trying to hunt one down for a long time now. Problem is, it
appears to be an AGP1 card, which would be great except that AGP1 cards
do not in fact fit in AGP8 slots. So I can't use it in my badass
desktop. It looks like I'm going to have to build a machine with older
parts. Good thing I still have 512M of RAM and a spare Athlon kicking
around here.

Steph moved out of the apartment again. She and Mo moved into a
two-bedroom in the same complex, but we haven't hung out in weeks. It's
kinda nice having the place all to myself again, now that it's actually
quieted down around here. People have been over non-stop for weeks
because I've been hosting Battlestar Galactica fests with the miniseries
DVDs. I think that BSG is probably the most ass-kicking show on TV right
now, and I've imparted this wisdom unto my coworkers and friends, even
when they didn't necessarily want it.

Oh, speaking of forcing my will on others. So the whole reason that we
went down to Boston was so that I could indoctrinate veebl with
Transmetropolitan. I'm happy to report that davej and veebl are both
already huge fans of Bill Hicks, Invader Zim (and by extension, Jhonen
Vasquez), and Ed Wood. Which means that Sam needs to come up here and
visit me at some point, because I think we'd all get along great.

I have ordered the Canadian release of Ginger Snaps. If you're into
really awesome B-movie style monster flicks, it's perfect and you should
already own it. If you're not a fan of the genre, you must suck and
that's why I don't talk to you. And if you are a fan but you don't know
it, GET IT. It's a story about two loner sisters who make a suicide pact
with eachother but one of them ends up being bitten by a werewolf. Their
mother is played by Mimi Rogers (who is amazingly hot for an older
woman) and she does a scary great job in her role. The rest of the movie
is also filled with great moments, but I'll leave it to you to pick it
up and find out what they are. I picked mine up from [DV Depot][] - if
you do go there, tell'em that I sent you. (I have no idea what they'll
do if you do, but I think it'd be cool if a dozen people went and bought
this DVD and put a comment in saying 'clee sent me' - maybe they'd give
me some sort of freebie or something.)

  [DV Depot]: http://www.dv-depot.com/
