---
title: alvis will smoke those bitches
published: true
---

Christmas is always an interesting time of year.

Three years ago I had the single worst Christmas ever. The ones since
then haven't been so hot either, until now. This year's Christmas is
officially the best one I've ever had.

The reason?

I have finally gotten rid of a car that I hated and I now am the proud
owner of a brand-new 2007 Toyota Corolla. It's got a five-speed manual
transmission, and it's totally freakin' sweet.

I'm really excited about getting more than twenty miles per gallon on
road trips. I'm hella stoked about having a manual transmission again.
But most of all, I'm just happy to finally move past the stage of my
life where I was constantly pissed at myself for being so stupid as to
get stuck with the previous car.

Anyway. I'm back in Arizona for the holidays, and things are pretty
fucking great right now. For the first time in a long time, I'm looking
forward to the road trip back home in my car.

On a slightly-less-awesome newsfront... I get to have surgery next
month.

Some of you may know that when I was a teenager, I had a hernia. It
wasn't really anything terribly awful, just a typical hernia; they
operated on me when I was nineteen and fixed it up, and everything was
great until a couple of months ago. I noticed some similar symptoms to
my original hernia, and I finally got off my ass and went to the doctor
a few weeks ago. She confirmed it - I am officially on my second hernia.
I'm not even twenty-five yet.

However, having a car with a real transmission has made me so happy that
I'm not even really that upset about the prospect of being cut open and
having somebody mess around with my internal organs. It's going to suck,
sure. But I made it through it last time; I've got a feeling that I'll
be able to survive this time.
